spt to hex converter

This programm extract firmware from hex2spt gerenated Cypress EZ-USB
spt script file.
Copyright (C) 2013  Emmanuel Fusté

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


spt is a generic USB commands scripting format, but as we know how hex files
are converted to spt by standard cypress tools or procedures to get back
an hex file from a hex-converted-to-spt file.


each USB transaction is described by a record
record format: 32 byte header in little endian + data
 
uint Signature == 0x54505343 or byte[4] == 'CSPT' //4 
uint RecordSize == header size + data size == 32 + data size //8
ushort HeaderSize == 32  == 0x0020//10
byte Tag == 0 == 0x00//11

Device on wich the script will be played : selected at runtime,
0x0 in the script:
byte ConfigNum == 0 == 0x00 //12
byte IntfcNum == 0 == 0x00 //13
byte AltIntfc == 0 == 0x00 //14
byte EndPtAddr == 0 = 0x00 //15

byte bReqType == 0x40 in our case (TGT_DEVICE|REQ_VENDOR|DIR_TO_DEVICE) //16
byte CtlReqCode //17
byte reserved0 is generaly 0x20//18 

ushort wValue //20
ushort wIndex //22
byte reserved1 ~ 0x9F //23 
byte reserved2 ~ 0x00 //24

uint Timeout ~ 0x00000005 //28
uint DataLen; //32

hex to spt converter do the following:
1 CPU put in reset mode (A0 request to write 0x01 at 0xE600 for FX2LP)
2 upload of vendor_ax firmware with A0 request
3 CPU put in run mode (A0 request to write 0x00 to addresss 0xE600 for FX2LP)
4 upload of external RAM code with A3 vendor request implemented by vendor_ax
5 CPU put in reset mode
6 upload of RAM code with A0 vendor request (all code under 16k on FX2LP)
7 CPU put in run mode

spt generated by cypress tools upload inconditionnaly vendor_ax firmware.
If there is nothing to upload to external ram, step 4 is skipped.

If manualy recorded, step 2,3,4,5 could be omitted if no code need to be 
uploaded to external ram.

all contiguous hex record data are packed in one usb transaction and re-split
in two if the packed result in payload > 4k
Cypress tools generate hex file with 16 bytes of data max per record.
Decoded spt data payload will be re-split in 16 bytes hex record.
